codewars/README.md, before:

# Codewars

I collected some of my favorite problems that I encountered on Codewars, either because I found them particularly interesting or challenging.

[![Codewars Badge](https://www.codewars.com/users/itislu/badges/large)](https://www.codewars.com/users/itislu)

---

- **Difficulty**: 1 kyu (most difficult) to 8 kyu (least difficult)
- **Problem**: Link to the problem description on Codewars
- **Solution**: My solution to the problem
- **Language**: Programming language used to solve the problem
- **Date**: Date of solving the problem

| **Difficulty** | **Problem** | **Solution** | **Language** | **Date** |
|----------------|-------------|--------------|----------|--------------|
| 4 kyu | [Range Extraction](https://www.codewars.com/kata/51ba717bb08c1cd60f00002f/python) | [range_extraction.py]() | Python | 20.10.2024 |
| 4 kyu | [Queue Battle](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5d617c2fa5e6a2001a369da2/python) | [queue_battle.py]() | Python | 20.10.2024 |
| 4 kyu | [Snail](https://www.codewars.com/kata/521c2db8ddc89b9b7a0000c1/python) | [snail.py]() | Python | 17.10.2024 |
| 5 kyu | [Directions Reduction](https://www.codewars.com/kata/550f22f4d758534c1100025a/python) | [directions_reduction.py]() | Python | 16.10.2024 |

Commit message:

[the_observed_pin] feat: Add solution

codewars/README.md, after:

# Codewars

I collected some of my favorite problems that I encountered on Codewars, either because I found them particularly interesting or challenging.

[![Codewars Badge](https://www.codewars.com/users/itislu/badges/large)](https://www.codewars.com/users/itislu)

---

- **Difficulty**: 1 kyu (most difficult) to 8 kyu (least difficult)
- **Problem**: Link to the problem description on Codewars
- **Solution**: My solution to the problem
- **Language**: Programming language used to solve the problem
- **Date**: Date of solving the problem

| **Difficulty** | **Problem** | **Solution** | **Language** | **Date** |
|----------------|-------------|--------------|----------|--------------|
| 4 kyu | [The observed PIN](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5263c6999e0f40dee200059d/python) | [the_observed_pin.py]() | Python | 21.10.2024 |
| 4 kyu | [Range Extraction](https://www.codewars.com/kata/51ba717bb08c1cd60f00002f/python) | [range_extraction.py]() | Python | 20.10.2024 |
| 4 kyu | [Queue Battle](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5d617c2fa5e6a2001a369da2/python) | [queue_battle.py]() | Python | 20.10.2024 |
| 4 kyu | [Snail](https://www.codewars.com/kata/521c2db8ddc89b9b7a0000c1/python) | [snail.py]() | Python | 17.10.2024 |
| 5 kyu | [Directions Reduction](https://www.codewars.com/kata/550f22f4d758534c1100025a/python) | [directions_reduction.py]() | Python | 16.10.2024 |
